this is a Walt Disney original little
long playing record and I am your
Disneyland story reader I am going to
begin now to read the story of the Seven
Dwarfs and their diamond mine you can
read along with me in your book you will
know it is time to turn the page when
tinker bell rings the little bells like
this let's begin now it was a beautiful
spring morning in the forest where the
Seven Dwarfs lived in their tiny cottage
inside the cottage the cuckoo clock had
told the three men that it was time to
rise the Seven Dwarfs soon had breakfast
ready but they didn't start off the day
with porridge no indeed they started it
off with soup each of them helped wash
the dishes and tidy the cottage they
missed Snow White she had been happily
married for two years to the handsome
prince ruler of the kingdom after they
went to work in their mind doc was in
the lead and dopey was as always last
dancing happily along suddenly dark
stopped all the other Dwarfs bumped into
him there was a strange gold box right
in front of them they opened it very
carefully inside was a mysterious note
and a gold key dark slowly read the note
out loud at midnight when the moon does
shine you'll see a secret door in your
diamond mine this gold key fits the
golden lock it will open only at 12:00
and you will find a treasure there a
priceless gift of beauty rare all the
little men then went into the mine there
were millions of shining diamonds just
about everywhere there were spooky
sounds inside the mine sometimes it
sounded like thousands of carpenters
hammering sometimes it sounded like
thousands of wood cutters chopping trees
it was all very scary
sneezy felt a big sneeze coming on he
sneezed so hard he blew his shoes off
and in his shoe he found a note
sneezy slowly read the note out loud
this note was put into a shoe to tell
you oh just what to do
you have to count by one's to ten then
once more and then again they did and
then the big grandfather clock struck
ten and then it struck eleven then just
at midnight just as the first mysterious
note sent a moonbeam came through the
cave roof and shone right on a door that
had never been there before
grumpy pushed the gold key in the lock
he twisted with all his might the lock
opened all the dwarfs pulled as hard as
they could the heavy door creaked slowly
there was a great flash of light a blare
of trumpets and there before them was a
huge palace ballroom mirrors on every
wall hundreds of royal soldiers in
bright uniforms and shiny black boots
hundreds of royal carpenters and
stonemasons stood in line looking very
pleased at the wondrous place they had
built suddenly the Royal trumpeter
sounded a royal fanfare six twelve
officers of the King's Guard marched
toward the Seven Dwarfs just as the
little men were about to flee and fight
they saw a sight they would never forget
so walking toward them between the
guards was Snow White more beautiful
than they had remembered Snow White
smiled and held out her arms to them
they rushed to her they laughed and
cried with joy Snow White picked up each
one and gave each a big hug and kiss
that night they had a party they danced
and sang till dawn one of the songs was
you're never too old to be young it was
a wonderful party
they all took snow-white back to the
cottage where she visited for seven
whole days when Snow White's coach came
to take her back to her kingdom Snow
White
kissed each of the little men goodbye
then off she went in her golden coach
with the white stallions prancing and
the check black harness and silver
bridles glistening in the Sun get away
go on your chin you can make things up
with the zum zum zum of the music in
your soup swing that spoon gotta keep
fun dipping mu come on Doc you don't dip
it you seven scoop on sir you'll know
everything they're grumpy till the bowl
is dry and your face is dripping - come
on sneezy use your neck
things up with the music